---
title: ResMed AirView - Extension and Revamp
type: experience
description: >
  Software improvements &amp; Rebranding
order: 1
images:
  - src: images/KoalaDigital_SampleWork_ResMedAirView.jpg
---

## Who is ResMed?

With the headquarter based in Bella Visa, Sydney Australia, ResMed is a global ASX-listed and NASDAG-listed medical device company who
provides sleep apnea treatment products.

## What did I do for ResMed?

At ResMed, I was working in the Health Informatics Department, developing software that assists doctors and clinicians to interact
with ResMed medical devices.

The first project was improving the Measurement Chart in their online software. The Measurement Chart shows the heartrate and breathing rate of the patients, recorded by their medical devices during their sleep. This chart was only a static image, generated by the server every day.

To improve the user experience of the software, ResMed wanted to build an Interactive Chart, so that the clinician
can create regions on the chart, to mark potential problematic areas.

The second project as rebranding this online software into what they call, AirView. The team included 1 Marketing role, 1 UX role and 1 Developer role/Scrum Master, which is me.

The 2 big success of this Rebranding project were:

1. On-time delivery within 6 months, as per my esimation.

2. Seamless integration into existing system, without disruption. (So smooth that there were ZERO bug found after integration and some people even asked whether the rebrand had happened)

## What did I learn from working with ResMed?

Apart from enjoying their beautiful headquarter building and garden landscape, my skills and knowledge
has improved a lot. Especially, in the 2 areas below:

### Good Agile practices

### Good Software Development practices

At induction, I had to complete an internal course called Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP). I was a bit skeptical, what Good Manufacturing Practice had to do with Software Development. I know that ResMed is a manufacturer of medical device, and this course is for people
that involves in manufaction, not Software Developer.

However, after a few months working here, I saw 1 GMP principle that stood out and guided ResMed Software Development Team from success to success.

And that is: "Fit for the Intended Purpose"

At ResMed, I saw a very good Software Development cycle.
